#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.12
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
blis==1.2.1
    # via thinc
boto3==1.38.35
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.38.35
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachecontrol==0.14.3
    # via firebase-admin
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   readability-lxml
    #   reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.21.1
    # via weasel
colorama==0.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==45.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   pyjwt
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via readability-lxml
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
decorator==4.4.2
    # via moviepy
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   multiprocess
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
firebase-admin==7.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.58.1
    # via matplotlib
fpdf==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==3.4.1
    # via firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   playwright
grpcio==1.73.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.73.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpcore
h2==4.3.0
    # via httpx
hf-xet==1.1.4
    # via huggingface-hub
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   firebase-admin
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.33.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optimum
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via moviepy
imageio-ffmpeg==0.6.0
    # via moviepy
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
langchain-core==0.3.65
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.3.22
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via spacy
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
lxml[html-clean]==5.4.0
    # via
    #   lxml-html-clean
    #   readability-lxml
lxml-html-clean==0.4.2
    # via lxml
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
moviepy==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.2
    # via cachecontrol
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.18
    # via -r requirements.in
murmurhash==1.0.13
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mutagen==1.47.0
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   moviepy
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   optimum
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
onnx==1.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
onnxruntime==1.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openai==1.86.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
optimum==1.25.3
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.10.18
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   optimum
    #   pipdeptree
    #   pytest
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
pandas==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pdfminer-six==20250327
    # via pdfplumber
pdfplumber==0.11.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdfplumber
    #   reportlab
pinecone-client==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-plugin-inference==1.1.0
    # via pinecone-client
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pinecone-plugin-inference
pipdeptree==2.26.1
    # via -r requirements.in
playwright==1.52.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
preshed==3.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
proglog==0.1.12
    # via moviepy
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==6.31.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.11.5
    # via
    #   confection
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyee==13.0.0
    # via playwright
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via firebase-admin
pymysql==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pypdfium2==4.30.1
    # via pdfplumber
pytest==8.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-asyncio==0.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-mock==3.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
readability-lxml==0.8.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
reportlab==4.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langsmith
    #   moviepy
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   spacy
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==14.0.0
    # via typer
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-auth
ruff==0.11.13
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.3
    # via scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smart-open==7.1.0
    # via weasel
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.8.7
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tenacity==8.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-core
thinc==8.3.4
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   transformers
torch==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optimum
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   moviepy
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   proglog
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
transformers==4.52.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   optimum
typer==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   onnx
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
websockets==15.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via smart-open
yarl==1.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiohttp
yt-dlp==2025.8.27
    # via -r requirements.in
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
